date: Jun 1 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Padres
start time: 5:10 pm EDT


date: Jun 3 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Astros
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jun 4 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Astros
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jun 5 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Astros
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jun 6 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Phillies
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jun 7 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Phillies
start time: 4:05 pm EDT


date: Jun 8 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Phillies
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: Jun 9 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Marlins
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jun 10 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Marlins
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jun 11 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Marlins
start time: 12:35 pm EDT


date: Jun 12 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 8:05 pm EDT


date: Jun 13 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 2:20 pm EDT


date: Jun 14 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 2:20 pm EDT


date: Jun 15 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 2:20 pm EDT


date: Jun 17 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Tigers
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jun 18 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Tigers
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jun 19 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Tigers
start time: 1:10 pm EDT


date: Jun 20 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Rangers
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jun 21 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Rangers
start time: 4:05 pm EDT


date: Jun 22 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Rangers
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: Jun 23 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 7:40 pm EDT


date: Jun 24 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 7:40 pm EDT


date: Jun 25 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 2:10 pm EDT


date: Jun 27 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Mets
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jun 28 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Mets
start time: 4:05 pm EDT


date: Jun 29 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Mets
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: Jun 30 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: May 31 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Padres
start time: 9:40 pm EDT


date: Mar 11 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Yankees
start time: 


