date: May 1 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 12:35 pm EDT


date: May 2 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Padres
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: May 3 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Padres
start time: 4:05 pm EDT


date: May 4 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Padres
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: May 5 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 7:45 pm EDT


date: May 6 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 7:45 pm EDT


date: May 7 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 1:15 pm EDT


date: May 9 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Braves
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: May 10 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Braves
start time: 4:05 pm EDT


date: May 11 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Braves
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: May 12 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Mets
start time: 7:10 pm EDT


date: May 13 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Mets
start time: 7:10 pm EDT


date: May 14 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Mets
start time: 7:10 pm EDT


date: May 16 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Phillies
start time: 6:45 pm EDT


date: May 17 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Phillies
start time: 6:05 pm EDT


date: May 18 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Phillies
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: May 19 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: May 20 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: May 21 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 12:35 pm EDT


date: May 22 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: May 23 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: May 24 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 4:05 pm EDT


date: May 25 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: May 26 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: D-backs
start time: 8:10 pm EDT


date: May 27 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: D-backs
start time: 9:40 pm EDT


date: May 28 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: D-backs
start time: 3:40 pm EDT


date: May 30 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Padres
start time: 9:40 pm EDT


date: May 31 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Padres
start time: 9:40 pm EDT


date: Mar 11 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Yankees
start time: 


