date: Aug 1 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Rockies
start time: 8:10 pm EDT


date: Aug 2 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Rockies
start time: 3:10 pm EDT


date: Aug 3 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Rockies
start time: 3:10 pm EDT


date: Aug 4 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Giants
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Aug 5 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Giants
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Aug 6 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Giants
start time: 12:35 pm EDT


date: Aug 7 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Aug 8 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Aug 9 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Aug 10 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: Aug 11 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 7:40 pm EDT


date: Aug 12 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 7:40 pm EDT


date: Aug 13 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 2:10 pm EDT


date: Aug 15 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 2:20 pm EDT


date: Aug 16 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 2:20 pm EDT


date: Aug 17 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 2:20 pm EDT


date: Aug 18 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Blue Jays
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Aug 19 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Blue Jays
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Aug 20 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Blue Jays
start time: 12:35 pm EDT


date: Aug 22 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Rockies
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Aug 23 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Rockies
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Aug 24 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Rockies
start time: 12:05 pm EDT


date: Aug 25 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 7:45 pm EDT


date: Aug 26 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 7:45 pm EDT


date: Aug 27 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 7:45 pm EDT


date: Aug 28 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 2:15 pm EDT


date: Aug 29 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Red Sox
start time: 7:10 pm EDT


date: Aug 30 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Red Sox
start time: 4:10 pm EDT


date: Aug 31 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Red Sox
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


