date: Apr 1 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Rays
start time: 7:05 pm EDT


date: Apr 2 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Rays
start time: 1:10 pm EDT


date: Apr 4 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Yankees
start time: 4:12 pm EDT


date: Apr 5 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Yankees
start time: 4:05 pm EDT


date: Apr 6 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Yankees
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: Apr 7 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Apr 8 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Apr 9 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 12:35 pm EDT


date: Apr 11 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Apr 12 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Apr 13 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 1:40 pm EDT


date: Apr 14 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Nationals
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Apr 15 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Nationals
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Apr 16 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Nationals
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Apr 17 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Nationals
start time: 12:35 pm EDT


date: Apr 18 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Guardians
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Apr 19 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Guardians
start time: 4:05 pm EDT


date: Apr 20 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Guardians
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: Apr 22 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Angels
start time: 9:38 pm EDT


date: Apr 23 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Angels
start time: 9:38 pm EDT


date: Apr 24 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Angels
start time: 9:29 pm EDT


date: Apr 25 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Dodgers
start time: 10:10 pm EDT


date: Apr 26 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Dodgers
start time: 9:10 pm EDT


date: Apr 27 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Dodgers
start time: 4:10 pm EDT


date: Apr 29 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Apr 30 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Mar 9 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Tigers
start time: 


date: Mar 10 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Orioles
start time: 


date: Mar 11 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Yankees
start time: 


