date: Jul 1 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jul 2 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 12:35 pm EDT


date: Jul 4 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Mariners
start time: 4:10 pm EDT


date: Jul 5 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Mariners
start time: 10:10 pm EDT


date: Jul 6 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Mariners
start time: 4:10 pm EDT


date: Jul 7 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Royals
start time: 7:40 pm EDT


date: Jul 8 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Royals
start time: 7:40 pm EDT


date: Jul 9 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Royals
start time: 7:40 pm EDT


date: Jul 11 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Twins
start time: 8:10 pm EDT


date: Jul 12 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Twins
start time: 2:10 pm EDT


date: Jul 13 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Twins
start time: 2:10 pm EDT


date: Jul 14 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 8:00 pm EDT


date: Jul 15 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: NL All-Stars
start time: 8:00 pm EDT


date: Jul 18 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: White Sox
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jul 19 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: White Sox
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jul 20 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: White Sox
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: Jul 21 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Tigers
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jul 22 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Tigers
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jul 23 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Tigers
start time: 12:35 pm EDT


date: Jul 25 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: D-backs
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jul 26 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: D-backs
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Jul 27 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: D-backs
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: Jul 28 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Giants
start time: 9:45 pm EDT


date: Jul 29 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Giants
start time: 9:45 pm EDT


date: Jul 30 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Giants
start time: 3:45 pm EDT


date: Jun 29 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Mets
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: Jun 30 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: May 31 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Padres
start time: 9:40 pm EDT


date: Mar 11 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Yankees
start time: 


