date: Sep 2 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Dodgers
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Sep 3 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Dodgers
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Sep 4 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Dodgers
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Sep 5 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Sep 6 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Sep 7 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Brewers
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: Sep 9 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Orioles
start time: 6:35 pm EDT


date: Sep 10 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Orioles
start time: 6:35 pm EDT


date: Sep 11 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Orioles
start time: 1:05 pm EDT


date: Sep 12 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Nationals
start time: 6:45 pm EDT


date: Sep 13 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Nationals
start time: 4:05 pm EDT


date: Sep 14 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Nationals
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: Sep 15 (Mon)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Sep 16 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Sep 17 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Cubs
start time: 12:35 pm EDT


date: Sep 19 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Athletics
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Sep 20 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Athletics
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Sep 21 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Athletics
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


date: Sep 23 (Tue)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Sep 24 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 6:40 pm EDT


date: Sep 25 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Reds
start time: 12:40 pm EDT


date: Sep 26 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Braves
start time: 7:15 pm EDT


date: Sep 27 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Braves
start time: 7:15 pm EDT


date: Sep 28 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Braves
start time: 3:15 pm EDT


date: Aug 27 (Wed)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 7:45 pm EDT


date: Aug 28 (Thu)
Pirates playing against: Cardinals
start time: 2:15 pm EDT


date: Aug 29 (Fri)
Pirates playing against: Red Sox
start time: 7:10 pm EDT


date: Aug 30 (Sat)
Pirates playing against: Red Sox
start time: 4:10 pm EDT


date: Aug 31 (Sun)
Pirates playing against: Red Sox
start time: 1:35 pm EDT


